Pairing api (#276)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/pair/README.md

5. User returns to website after prompt success
6. User is now authenticated and has a sign session established with the dapp

## Request Protocol

#### Successful request handling if B registers protocol P

1. A creates random symKey S and pairing topic that is a sha256 hash of symKey S.
2. A's pairing client registers protocol P 
3. A encrypts request with symKey S. Pairing client does not expects any response. P is responsible for response subscription.
4. A sends request on pairing topic.
5. B's pairing client registers protocol P 
6. B subscribes to pairing topic from provided URI
7. B receives protocol P request.

#### Error case where B did not registered protocol P

1. A creates random symKey S and pairing topic that is a sha256 hash of symKey S.
2. A's pairing client registers protocol P 
3. A encrypts request with symKey S. Pairing client does not expects any response. P is responsible for response subscription.
4. A sends request on pairing topic.
5. B subscribes to pairing topic from provided URI
6. B's Pairing client receives protocol P request.
7. B's Pairing client responds with error as it did not registered protocol P method

## Pairing lifecycle

> **Inactive Pairing** - Pairing is considered inactive if prosing peer has no proof that any peer has paired with it. Inactive pairing should expire after 5 minute from being created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Inactive Pairing** - A pairing is considered inactive if the proposing peer has no proof that any peer has paired with it. Inactive pairings should expire 5 minutes after being created.
```

> **Active Pairing** - Pairing is considered active if any of peer has a proof that other peer can respond to it. Active pairing should have 30 days expiry period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Active Pairing** - A pairing is considered active if any of peer has a proof that other peer can respond to it. Active pairings should have a 30 days expiry period.
```

> - Proposing peer is creating an inactive pairing and sends protocol's P request. If response for that request is delivered proposing peer should activate the pairing as it has proof that peer has paired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proposing peer is creating an inactive pairing and sends protocol P's request. If the response for that request is delivered, the proposing peer should activate the pairing as it has proof that peer has paired.
```

> - Responding peer after calling `pair()` function should always create an active pairing on its side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Responding peer should always create an active pairing on its side after calling `pair()` function.
```
